
BB-073 “The Egg Man” Carlton Mellick III -It is a world where humans reproduce like insects. Children are the property of corporations, and having an enormous ten-foot brain implanted into your skull is a grotesque sexual fetish. Mellick’s industrial urban dystopia is one of his darkest and grittiest to date. 184 pages $11 
BB-074 “Shark Hunting in Paradise Garden” Cameron Pierce -A group of strange humanoid religious fanatics travel back in time to the Garden of Eden to discover it is invested with hundreds of giant .ying maneating sharks. 150 pages $10 
BB-075 “Apeshit” Carlton Mellick III -Friday the 13th meets Visitor Q.  Six hipster teens go to a cabin in the woods inhabited by a deformed killer.  An incredibly fucked-up parody of B-horror movies with a bizarro slant. 192 pages $12 
BB-076 “Fuckers of Everything on the Crazy Shitting Planet of theVomit At smosphere” Mykle Hansen -Three bizarro satires. Monster Cocks, Journey to the Center of Agnes Cuddlebottom, and Crazy Shitting Planet. 228 pages $12 

BB-077 “The Kissing Bug” Daniel Scott Buck -In the tradition of Roald Dahl, Tim Burton, and Edward Gorey, comes this bizarro anti-war children’s story about a bohemian conenose kissing bug who falls in love with a human woman. 116 pages  $10 
BB-078 “MachoPoni” Lotus Rose -It’s My Little Pony... Bizarro style! A long time ago Poniworld was split in two. On one side of the Jagged Line is the Pastel King­dom, a magical land of music, parties, and positivity.  On the other side of the Jagged Line is Dark Kingdom inhabited by an army of undead ponies. 148 pages $11 
BB-079 “The Faggiest Vampire” Carlton Mellick III -A Roald Dahl­esque children’s story about two faggy vampires who partake in a mustache competition to .nd out which one is truly the faggiest. 104 pages $10 
BB-080 “Sky Tongues” Gina Ranalli -The autobiography of Sky Tongues, the biracial hermaphrodite actress with tongues for fingers. Follow her strange life story as she rises from freak to fame. 204 pages $12 
